Document SVGClipPathElement.(clipPathUnits|transform) (#25340)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/svgclippathelement/clippathunits/index.md

---
title: SVGClipPathElement.clipPathUnits
slug: Web/API/SVGClipPathElement/clipPathUnits
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.SVGClipPathElement.clipPathUnits
---

{{APIRef("SVG")}}

> The read-only **`clipPathUnits`** property of the {{domxref("SVGClipPathElement")}} interface reflects the {{SVGAttr("clipPathUnits")}} attribute of a {{SVGElement("clipPath")}} element and by that defines the coordinate system to use for the content of the element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The read-only **`clipPathUnits`** property of the {{domxref("SVGClipPathElement")}} interface reflects the {{SVGAttr("clipPathUnits")}} attribute of a {{SVGElement("clipPath")}} element which defines the coordinate system to use for the content of the element.
```

> **Note:** Although this property is read-only, it is merely a container for two values you can modify, {{domxref("SVGAnimatedEnumeration.baseVal", "baseVal")}} and {{domxref("SVGAnimatedEnumeration.animVal", "animVal")}}.

## Value

> An {{domxref("SVGAnimatedEnumeration")}} representing the coordinate system. The possible values are the one defined in the {{domxref("SVGUnitTypes")}} interface:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An {{domxref("SVGAnimatedEnumeration")}} representing the coordinate system. The possible values are defined in the {{domxref("SVGUnitTypes")}} interface:
```

- `0` (`SVG_UNIT_TYPE_UNKWOWN`)
  - : The type is not one of the predefined type.
- `1` (`SVG_UNIT_TYPE_USERSPACEONUSE`)

>   - : Corresponding to a value of `userSpaceOnUse` for the {{SVGAttr("clipPathUnits")}} attribute and means that all coordinates inside the element refer to the user coordinate system as defined when the clipping path was created. It is the default value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - : Corresponds to a value of `userSpaceOnUse` for the {{SVGAttr("clipPathUnits")}} attribute and means that all coordinates inside the element refer to the user coordinate system as defined when the clipping path was created. It is the default value.
```

>   - : Corresponding to a value of `userSpaceOnUse` for the {{SVGAttr("clipPathUnits")}}attribute and means that all coordinates inside the element refer to the user coordinate system as defined when the clipping path was created. It is the default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Corresponding to a value of `userSpaceOnUse` for the {{SVGAttr("clipPathUnits")}} attribute and means that all coordinates inside the element refer to the user coordinate system as defined when the clipping path was created. It is the default value.
```

- `2` (`SVG_UNIT_TYPE_OBJECTBOUNDINGBOX`)

>   - : Corresponding to a value of `objectBoundingBox` for the attribute and means that all coordinates inside the element are relative to the bounding box of the element the clipping path is applied to. It means that the origin of the coordinate system is the top left corner of the object bounding box and the width and height of the object bounding box are considered to have a length of 1 unit value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - : Corresponds to a value of `objectBoundingBox` for the attribute and means that all coordinates inside the element are relative to the bounding box of the element the clipping path is applied to. It means that the origin of the coordinate system is the top left corner of the object bounding box and the width and height of the object bounding box are considered to have a length of 1 unit value.
```
